[Music]
hi guys it's Kate and my tech guy here
and you've all seen the tech side of my
life with the reviews and comparisons
but you haven't really seen what I do
regularly on a day-to-day basis which is
a 10 school full-time so in this video
I'm taking the camera off the tripod and
I'll be taking you around to show you
what a day in the life of an MIT
aerospace engineering student is like
huge shout out to back smart for sending
me some really cool bags and backpacks
and for sponsoring this video now I'm
gonna go eat some cereal and head to
class
[Music]
now I'm walking to campus with my
roommate Sebastian since we both live on
the Boston side of the river we have to
cross this bridge pretty much every day
it's around half a mile but it's pretty
nice walking especially during this time
of year when it's not snowing
right now I'm heading to my first class
which is micro economic theory in public
policy and it's pretty far away I have
to walk probably another half a mile
after I get across the bridge it's over
[Music]
it's around 903 right now and I am
running a bit late but since all our
classes were on an MIT time the class
doesn't really start until 905 so I
shouldn't be too late so I think we're
good so that class was pretty
interesting we basically learned the
pros and cons of a federal Earned Income
Tax Credit and whether it incentivizes
someone to continue to work or work less
and basically the conclusion that we
came up with was that it might be a
better solution than say increasing
minimum wage
[Music]
right now my class isn't for another 20
minutes so I'm probably just going to
chill in the unified lounge and just
relax
[Music]
now I'm up to my next class which is
dynamics so we just got a dynamics
lecture how was that humpy I'm still
thoroughly confused I don't know what's
going on but that's half of MIT true
that true that so now we're heading to
the stud and we're going to try to get
some lunch
I think hum he's trying to get some
snacks from Laverty's yeah Laverty's is
the place to go for snacks on campus
they got everything everything from
tylenol to coffee so
and over there now fuel up for the next
lecture
[Music]
protein getting those games
sorry mom so I found Johann and now
we're in line to on us to get a burrito
yes what you gonna get Johan I'm gonna
get a super burrito name a little bit of
spice there's not really too many bad
options here everything's pretty good I
even deserve any days in a row
[Music]
so that was a really nice lunch to just
kind of de-stress from my other two
classes and I only have one class left
so heading to automatic control right
now should be a pretty good lecture and
I'll see you on the other side of it
[Music]
so we just got out of our automatic
control lecture I'm here with my friend
Sam how was it Hey it's pretty good you
know some parts of it were raised to
understand it could've been a bit better
but it's alright talk about let's go to
lobby seven see Kevin Humvee
[Music]
yes MIT and college in general is
stressful because there's a lot of work
to do and a lot of responsibility to
maintain but taking those moments to
just relax and maybe have lunch with
friends or just talk with friends on the
sidewalk it really makes it so that you
could just go on about your day and not
really feel too stressed or too
overwhelmed like yes everybody's
struggling but taking that second to
just talk to some friends might make the
difference and whether you're going to
have a good day or a bad day so I just
finished catching up with my friends and
right now I'm just going to head back to
the house and probably get some work
done maybe do a little relaxing just
listen to music so I did come back
intending to do work but I was pretty
stressed and overwhelmed so I just took
a nap ate dinner and played some
ping-pong with the Bros and honestly
that's something I really recommend just
taking a moment to relax even at a place
like this where everybody is constantly
working constantly studying it's okay to
just relax sometimes but on that note I
do have a problem set due tomorrow so
I'm gonna head to campus and I'm gonna
do some work
[Music]
so obviously it's already been pretty
dark outside I'm expecting a pretty long
night it's around 8:30 now and then
haven't started this problem set but I
know we can get it done and have my
group of people to do my work with and
I think we'll get through it together
[Music]
here at MIT it's important to find
places on campus where you could just
sit down focus and get some work done
and it's equally as important to have a
group of friends preferably in your
major that you'll be able to work on the
P sets on and just collaborate and have
a good time so you're not too bogged
down as you're doing the work
[Music]
right now I want to take a moment to
talk about bag smart which is a company
that made this video possible I'm a huge
fan of their multi-purpose bags and
backpacks and I actually use them
whenever I need to take my gear around
campus for a shoot today I wanted to
specifically talk about this accessory
bag which I'll have 30% off coupons in a
description for these accessory bags
have slots in straps to keep all of your
cables Chargers and SD cards well
organized and the back itself looks
really good and is extremely well made
it's something that I can put into my
backpack to make sure nothing gets
tangled and everything is always
available when I need it so it's around
335 now I got all my work done I don't
know Sebastian got all of his work done
but we're heading to the house now it's
actually raining quite a bit I forgot to
bring my umbrella honestly these types
of days happen quite often where we're
walking back pretty late at night but we
know the end goals a engineering degree
from MIT and honestly I think it's worth
it
hi guys so I'm back at the house and I
really just wanted to give you guys the
most realistic picture of what a typical
day in the life of an MIT student is
it's not really that glamorous there is
a bunch of work to be done but that also
doesn't mean we don't have fun and we
don't have time to talk to our friends
and we don't have time to just relax at
the end of the day the goal is the
degree and do we know that's top
priority but we also make sure to take
care of ourselves or at least I hope so
I didn't want to sugarcoat this day or
do anything out of the ordinary just to
make an interesting blog I just wanted
to be able to take you guys around and
show you what my days like so if you
want to see more videos like this just
let me know in the comment section below
and I'll try to make it happen this is
episode 1 of a day in the life of an MIT
engineering student and I'm signing off
[Music]